Add Heroku deployment support (#560)
cookiecutter-flask/cookiecutter-flask: {{cookiecutter.app_name}}/README.rst

For a full migration command reference, run ``flask db --help``.

> If your deployment process is based on the git repository files (e.g on Heroku) you should add `migrations` folder to the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you will deploy your application remotely (e.g on Heroku) you should add the `migrations` folder to version control.
```

in your ``settings.py``::

    SEND_FILE_MAX_AGE_DEFAULT = 31556926  # one year

> 

Reviewer: Nit: Could these extra newlines be added inside of the `if` block? They will only be necessary if the deployment instructions are added.

Author: Oh, you are right :)

{%- if cookiecutter.deployment_on_heroku == "yes" %}
Deployment on Heroku
--------------------

Before using automatic deployment on Heroku you have to add migrations to your repository.
You can do it by using following commands ::

>     flask db init

Reviewer: The quickstart guide already prompts the user to initialize Flask migrations; the new information here is instructing the user to commit the migrations repo that is created.

Two thoughts here: 

1. By default, I don't believe the created project is initialized as a git repo. Users should be prompted to `git init` before trying to run any other commands. (In the future, we could include a post-create hook to initialize the project as a git repo, but out of scope for this change)
1. The instructions for adding migrations are applicable to all users and are best to be included in a section of the readme that isn't conditionally rendered.

Author: I've added info in _Migrations_ section and referenced in _Heroku_ section. I've added info about that git is something you should know but I think we have to assume that user knows the basic ideas of git. What do you think about it?

    flask db migrate
    git add migrations/
    git commit -m "Add migrations"
    git commit push

Make sure folder `migrations/versions` is not empty.

Deploy to Heroku button
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. raw:: html

Reviewer: Can you add a note to the user about what to expect if they click this button? My sense is that it probably doesn't need its own section.

Author: I've rewritten README. No special section for button now.

    <a href="https://heroku.com/deploy"><img src="https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg" title="Deploy" alt="Deploy"></a>

> Heroku CLI

Reviewer: Is the thought that the user could either deploy using these instructions or using the Heroku button? If so, I may make that more explicit.

^^^^^^^^^^

If you want deploy by using Heroku CLI:

* create Heroku App. You can leave your app name, change it or leave it blank (random name will be generated)::

    heroku create {{cookiecutter.app_name}}

* add buildpacks::

    heroku buildpacks:add --index=1 heroku/nodejs
    heroku buildpacks:add --index=1 heroku/python

* add Postgres database addon (it also sets `DATABASE_URL` environmental variable to created database)::

>     heroku addons:create heroku-postgresql:hobby-dev

Reviewer: This specifies the version `hobby-dev`, whereas the `app.json` file specifies version `11`.

Reviewer: I read up more on Postgres on Heroku & want to clarify my earlier comment, because it didn't make sense 😄. 

The README & `app.json` files should be consistent in listing both Heroku plan & Postgres version. So in this case, I think that means:

`README.rst`
```
heroku addons:create heroku-postgresql:hobby-dev --version=11
```
`app.json`
```
"addons": [
  {
    "plan": "heroku-postgresql:hobby-dev",
    "options": {
      "version": "11"
    }
  }
]
```

It may also be good to add a link to the plans page so we're being transparent in what `hobby-dev` means & the tier of service that is provided by default

Author: Great point, I wasn't aware that it can be stated so explicit. I will add info.

* set environmental variables (change secret key)::

>     heroku config:set SECRET_KEY=<secret-key>

Reviewer: This app expects the environment variables defined in `.env.example` to be present. It may be a good idea to tell users to refer to this file and set all variables found therein.

Reviewer: (As a clarification, the one exception to this would be `DATABASE_URL`, as Heroku sets this automatically.

Author: Sure, I will extend information.

Author: Information added.

in your ``settings.py``::

    SEND_FILE_MAX_AGE_DEFAULT = 31556926  # one year

{%- if cookiecutter.use_heroku == "yes" %}

Heroku
------

> Before deployment on the Heroku you should be familiar with a basic concepts of `Git <https://git-scm.com/>`_ and `Heroku <https://heroku.com/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deploying to Heroku you should be familiar with the basic concepts of `Git <https://git-scm.com/>`_ and `Heroku <https://heroku.com/>`_.
```

Remember to add migrations to your repository. Please check `Migrations`_ section.

> Since filesystem on Heroku is ephemeral (sqlite database will be lost at least once every 24 hours) the PostgreSQL is a recommended choice. Due to this fact the additional library is required: ``psycopg2-binary``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the filesystem on Heroku is ephemeral, non-version controlled files (like a SQLite database) will be lost at least once every 24 hours. Therefore, a persistent, standalone database like PostgreSQL is recommended. This application will work with any database backend that is compatible with SQLAlchemy, but we provide specific instructions for Postgres, (including the required library ``psycopg2-binary``).
```

> **WARNING!** ``psycopg2-binary`` package is a practical choice for development and testing but in production it is advised to use the package built from sources. Read more in the `psycopg2 documentation <http://initd.org/psycopg/docs/install.html?highlight=production%20advised%20use%20package%20built%20from%20sources#binary-install-from-pypi>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** ``psycopg2-binary`` package is a practical choice for development and testing but in production it is advised to use the package built from sources. Read more in the `psycopg2 documentation <http://initd.org/psycopg/docs/install.html?highlight=production%20advised%20use%20package%20built%20from%20sources#binary-install-from-pypi>`_
```

Deployment by using `Heroku CLI <https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli>`_:

> * create Heroku App. You can leave your app name, change it or leave it blank (random name will be generated)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create Heroku App. You can leave your app name, change it, or leave it blank (random name will be generated)::
```

    heroku create {{cookiecutter.app_name}}

> * add buildpacks::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add buildpacks::
```

    heroku buildpacks:add --index=1 heroku/nodejs
    heroku buildpacks:add --index=1 heroku/python

> * add database addon which sets PostgresSQL in version 11 in free `hobby-dev <https://elements.heroku.com/addons/heroku-postgresql#hobby-dev>`_ plan (it also sets ``DATABASE_URL`` environmental variable to created database)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add database addon which creates a persistent PostgresSQL database. These instructions assume you're using the free `hobby-dev <https://elements.heroku.com/addons/heroku-postgresql#hobby-dev>`_ plan. This command also sets a ``DATABASE_URL`` environmental variable that your app will use to communicate with the DB.::
```

    heroku addons:create heroku-postgresql:hobby-dev --version=11

> * set environmental variables (change ``SECRET_KEY`` value for your own)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set environmental variables (change ``SECRET_KEY`` value)::
```

    heroku config:set SECRET_KEY=not-so-secret
    heroku config:set FLASK_APP=autoapp.py

> *   ``DATABASE_URL`` environmental variable is set by database addon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     Please check ``.env.example`` to get overview which environmental variables are used in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Please check ``.env.example`` to see which environmental variables are used in the project and also need to be set. The exception is ``DATABASE_URL``, which Heroku sets automatically.
```

> * deploy on Heroku by pushing to the ``heroku`` branch::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deploy on Heroku by pushing to the ``heroku`` branch::
```

    git push heroku master

> If you keep your project on GitHub you can use 'Deploy to Heroku' button thanks to which the deployment can be done in web browser with minimal configuration required.

Reviewer: How about switching the order of this button with the CLI instructions, so that it comes first in the section?

Author: Sure, good idea! I've changed order, added `style="display: block"` to anchor and added `<br>` to get some additional space between button and the following instructions, but I am not sure did it help too much.
